Story Recapped here.
Today I'm going to explain a horror, thriller,
and science fiction film called “Elizabeth
Harvest" Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
On the way to their new home, a new bride
named Elizabeth romanticizes the moment while
her husband, Dr. Henry Kellenberg, drives.
On their arrival, Henry carries Elizabeth
through the doorway and shows her the luxurious
house on top of a hill.
He then introduces her to Oliver, his son,
and Claire, who is the resident housekeeper.
While looking around the place, Elizabeth
realizes that Oliver is blind, but his disability
does not limit his skills.
That evening, the newlyweds share dinner in
a grand but intimate setting before ending
the night in their bedroom.
The following day, Henry surprises Elizabeth
with her new closet full of clothes that excites
the new bride.
He continues to show her all the rooms and
features of the house to familiarize the place.
After touring most of the rooms, a door by
the hallway grabs Elizabeth’s attention
and she asks Henry what’s inside.
He explains that although the whole house
and everything inside it are already hers,
that particular room is off-limits.
He also makes her promise not to enter it
no matter what.
When she does, Henry kisses her in the hallway
while Claire looks at them from a distance.
In their bedroom, Henry informs Elizabeth
that he won’t be around tomorrow because
of some work matters.
She raises concerns about not wanting to be
left in the house, but he insists that she
stay and see this as an opportunity to be
comfortable in her new home.
She then wakes up to an empty bed and makes
use of the pool because of her boredom.
She explores the house and Claire asks her
if she is hungry.
Before Claire prepares a meal, Elizabeth asks
her about Henry, but the housekeeper is not
too keen on sharing any information about
him.
Elizabeth spends the rest of her day reading
a book, sipping on some chocolate milkshake,
trying on clothes, and wearing jewelry.
To end the night, she takes a bath and sees
the two housekeepers go home.
Elizabeth has trouble sleeping and curiosity
soon gets the best of her.
She breaks Henry’s only rule and goes toward
the forbidden room.
The room seems like a laboratory where she
sees six metal drawers with vital signs monitors
displayed on each one.
She is too interested in what lies behind
the drawer, so she presses a button that opens
it.
To her surprise, the drawers are cryogenic
pods that contain bodies.
Horror grabs her throat when she sees a clone
of herself lying unconscious and preserved.
Terrified by the sight of this, she runs back
to the bedroom to try and calm herself down
and tries to contact anyone, but the signal
is down, causing her to panic more.
Unknowingly, Elizabeth falls asleep and wakes
up the next day, still not over the fact that
she saw a clone of herself.
That day, Henry has returned home, playing
the piano for her, while looking at him with
suspicion.
Because of this, she feels uncomfortable around
him, but she acts as if nothing happened to
make herself safe.
Henry notices her meek behavior, and he senses
that Elizabeth has seen what is inside the
forbidden room, calling her a good liar.
However, she denies his subtle accusations,
so he suggests that they send the housekeepers
home so that they could spend the day alone.
Both of them have an intimate moment together,
but Elizabeth has lost faith in her husband,
knowing that she is in great danger.
In the middle of the night, Henry gets out
of bed, and so does Elizabeth.
She looks down at the basement where the forbidden
room is, but Henry comes from behind her,
saying, “Elizabeth my pet.”
In a sinister way, he holds his machete while
revealing that he is aware of her trespassing
into the room, which frightens her so much.
She runs away from him in an attempt to escape,
but the doors are entirely locked, making
her hide in the wine cellar.
During that nerve-wracking night, Henry decides
to just wait for her in the living room, and
Elizabeth makes her way upstairs, thinking
that the coast is clear.
From the fireplace, she grabs an iron poker
as her only tool of self-defense.
She climbs up the stairs, where Henry grabs
her foot from below, causing her to fall.
While she lays on the floor, he mercilessly
kills her with the machete, abruptly ending
her life and their marriage all at once.
To hide the evidence, Claire and Oliver help
him dispose of Elizabeth's body in the garden.
Oddly enough, the three seem pretty experienced
in doing it, as if killing and burying a person
is not new to their nature.
After the body’s disposal, the three of
them eat breakfast together, but this time,
Henry is not treated as the boss but rather
an accomplice.
On the same day, Logan, a detective who also
happens to be Henry’s friend, visits him
and shares a drink.
Logan asks about Elizabeth, but Henry brushes
the topic off by steering the conversation
toward Logan’s work life.
Henry gives him advice on dealing with the
strain of employment to steer the topic away
from him altogether.
In Claire’s separate quarter, Oliver visits
and gives her flowers, which she refuses to
accept, saying that he should stop being nice
to her.
He asks why she still serves Henry despite
being unhappy, but she says they have unfinished
business.
Oliver accuses her of being in love with Henry,
but she just calls him immature.
To get rid of him, she accepts the flowers
hesitantly.
Weeks later, another “Elizabeth” is on
the way home, just as what happened to the
one before.
It is complete deja vu.
Again, he carries her to the home entrance,
tours her around, and gives her gifts for
their marriage.
The new Elizabeth also asks Henry about the
forbidden room, and he gives his warning speech
once again, to which she agrees to abide.
Again, Henry gets to experience their honeymoon,
just with another version of his bride.
That night, he informs her that he will leave
in the morning, just as he did last time.
Now alone in the house, she entertains herself
by looking at the paintings in the art gallery
and dressing up just for fun.
However, she runs out of things to do, so
she decides to sneak into the forbidden room
she promised not to enter.
Inside the lab, she opens the drawer and sees
her clone, which frightens her enough to run
away.
Unlike the last time, the clone opens her
eyes and gets up after being preserved for
a long time.
She seems confused about her whereabouts and
identity, so she blankly walks around the
home undressed.
Disturbingly, she enters the bedroom where
Elizabeth has fallen asleep and touches her
body as if she is someone familiar.
Elizabeth wakes up to Henry greeting her good
morning before informing her that he gave
Claire a day off, leaving the both of them
in the house.
In the bathroom, she acts frantically because
of her puzzled thoughts about her marriage,
the room, and her safety.
Without consent, Henry enters the bathroom
and proceeds to wet a towel while telling
Elizabeth that he is aware of her entering
the room.
He uses the towel to choke her, but she is
able to fight back and be free from him.
She hurriedly runs downstairs to the front
door, but it is ineffective since the system
is completely locked.
Because of this, she grabs a knife from the
kitchen while Henry prepares halothane to
knock her unconscious.
The trembling Elizabeth stays in the kitchen
when Henry calmly approaches the piano to
play some music but leaves just as the recorder
continues the musical piece.
Thinking that Henry is preoccupied with playing,
she gets up, allowing him to come from behind
and put the towel against her face.
Elizabeth twitches around because of the chemical’s
contents, and after acting like she is unconscious,
she stabs Henry on the back of his neck.
The couple lies beside each other, where moments
later, Elizabeth regains her strength and
sees her husband in a pool of blood.
She tries to unlock the door by using his
fingerprints, but all are invalid, leaving
her no choice but to clean the space before
Oliver and Claire find out.
She drags the body to the elevator after deciding
to clean herself up, covering any evidence
of the event that took place.
Excessively tired, Elizabeth falls asleep
in the living room and is woken up by the
sound of a ringing phone.
She immediately gets up to contact emergency
services, saying that she is locked inside
the house, with no means of opening it.
Seeing Oliver and Claire on the way to the
house, she drops the call to avoid any suspicions
from the two.
Upon their entrance, Elizabeth greets them,
which makes them completely aback—seeing
her still alive.
Claire realizes that something is amiss after
hearing that Henry is upstairs because he
is “not feeling well.”
Henry never stays upstairs, leaving Elizabeth
unsupervised, especially that her clones are
killed by him for not long.
Claire could not wrap her head around the
fact that something terrible has happened
to Henry, so she comes to the kitchen and
experiences a heart attack.
Emergency services arrive at the home, and
Elizabeth sees this as a perfect opportunity
to escape or ask for help.
However, Oliver warns her that the police
will eventually find out about Henry’s murder.
She tells him that she killed her husband
out of self-defense, and Oliver assures her
that everything will be fine as long as she
listens to him.
Both of them team up to dispose of his body
in the backyard secretly.
Oliver reveals that Elizabeth is a product
of biogenesis, an experiment led by Henry
and Claire, who are both doctors.
They talk about the contents of the forbidden
room, where six identical genetic copies or
clones are present.
According to Oliver, she is the fifth clone
of the Elizabeth Harvest project.
Elizabeth cannot comprehend anything and just
breaks into tears.
Moments later, Detective Logan makes his way
to the house for another regular visit which
means that they should prepare themselves
to brush off any suspicions.
Logan is surprised that Elizabeth is the one
welcoming him, as Henry never misses a meeting
with him.
Out of nowhere, Logan asks Elizabeth if she
contacted emergency services because the station
informs him that a “Mrs. Kellenberg” called
to get some help.
Oliver saves her by saying that the emergency
was actually for Claire, who is now hospitalized.
Unconvinced, Logan asks more about the situation,
but Oliver comes from behind with a rifle
and shoots the helpless detective.
Despite his loss of sight, his aim is exceptional;
he assures Elizabeth that she does not feel
bad about Logan because he stopped one of
the clones to escape death, bringing her back
to the house for Henry to kill.
He also admits that Henry is only motivated
by killing the clones after reliving the honeymoon
phases.
As he gives her more information about the
experiment, Elizabeth becomes more frantic
because of her identity crisis, but they have
to store the body in the backyard once again.
There, Oliver advises her to pack her bags,
run away as far as possible, and bring a significant
amount of money with her.
Elizabeth proceeds to pack her bags; while
gathering her things, Oliver enters to ask
her if she could read Claire’s journal to
him.
Feeling sorry for his inability to read, she
opens the journal, but he locks her inside
the closet.
Out of agitation, she screams after being
tricked by a blind boy.
Feeling defeated, she decides to read the
journal to pass the time.
Claire’s story starts five years ago, on
the day she was invited by Henry to take part
in his study.
He found Claire’s work about neurogeneration
very intriguing, but the rest of the medical
field are against their views on this study.
The journal entries reveal that the real Elizabeth,
who was Henry's wife, died of a rare medical
condition after giving birth to Oliver.
Unable to deal with her passing, Henry decided
to create and harvest clones of Elizabeth
and hired Claire to help him perfect the process
by “cracking the code.”
After three years of endless tests, she got
the formula, and they started to prepare the
body for completion.
To instill memories in her, Henry recorded
messages and played music for the subjects
every night to let information be absorbed
in their minds.
The initial test attempts were abortive because
one of the clones appeared disoriented and
mentally incapacitated.
After discovering the forbidden room, she
runs away and manages to step foot outside
the house, but Logan brings her back.
In the present, Oliver brings supper for Elizabeth,
so she knocks him to the ground after he opens
the door.
She tries to extract the front door code,
where Oliver tells her a combination of numbers
after being tied.
As she proceeds to the front door, she realizes
that the code is invalid and goes back to
Oliver to confront him, but he has escaped.
Fearfully, she grabs a knife before going
to the lab, where she sees Oliver tending
to one of the clones.
According to him, he refuses to let Elizabeth
go if she does not disclose the contents of
the journal and informs him how much Claire
knows about the Elizabeth Harvest project.
While Elizabeth looks at her clone intently,
Oliver tranquilizes her, and she gets unconscious
as a result.
Now a prisoner of Oliver, Elizabeth is tied
to a metal chain in their bedroom, strictly
kept inside.
No matter how much she tries to be free from
it, her strength is not enough to unchain
herself.
She continues to read the journal and finds
out that years ago, the cloned Elizabeth who
Logan returned has died because of “suffocation.”
Henry claims that he has no idea why, but
Claire’s suspicions are already present.
Despite this, she and Henry shared a short-lived
affair.
While she is busy reading, Oliver enters the
room to give her food and asks her if Claire
has disclosed any information about him in
the journal, but Elizabeth says that Claire
did not write about him at all.
When she tells Oliver this, he reveals that
Henry blinded him out of jealousy during his
childhood because he did not like Oliver's
growing friendship with one of the clones
as a child, and after Oliver confronted him
of molesting one of the clones.
Henry attacked Oliver in his sleep but claimed
that it was because of an electrical fire
that made him blind.
In the journal, Claire writes that she did
not find any birth records of the true Elizabeth,
putting her under the impression that Oliver
is not their son but rather a person made
up by Henry.
She suspects that Oliver is a younger clone
of Henry, the revelation of which Claire asked
Henry about, and he did not deny it.
Finding out about this, Elizabeth grows more
afraid for her life.
While she sleeps, Oliver comes up to her,
holding a knife against her neck, desperately
asking if Claire has written anything about
him.
The nervous Elizabeth tells him about Claire’s
suspicion, but she assures Oliver that he
is not Henry because he can still change his
ways.
She then tries seducing him in hopes of letting
his guards down, which she succeeds at, making
him say the code to unlock the door.
After hitting him repeatedly, the sixth Elizabeth
appears holding a rifle and points it at the
fifth Elizabeth.
Confused about what is happening, she experiences
a dilemma on who to believe.
She instructs Elizabeth to fall to the ground.
She spots the scissors and uses them to stab
Oliver and shield herself with his body.
Disoriented, the new clone shoots and kills
Oliver, which also wounds Elizabeth, but she
still makes her way outside in desperation
to escape.
Upon her exit, she is fatally wounded by the
new clone, but before she dies, she tells
the clone to read Claire’s journal.
The new Elizabeth reads Claire’s journal,
which tells how Henry and Claire met and details
their work together on the Elizabeth Harvest
project.
She also finds out that Claire discovered
that Henry simply wanted to relive his honeymoon
night with each new cloned Elizabeth before
brutally killing them.
This horrified Claire so much, but she still
chose to take his side.
In the present, Claire has recovered from
her heart attack and returns to the house
where the final Elizabeth awaits her entrance.
She welcomes Claire, hands her the journal,
and tells her to put her studies to better
use after saying that she has earned the luxurious
home.
Elizabeth makes her way outside, willing to
start a life of her own independently.